Now we have our peace and resistance, Ron and his heart.
I'm glad to be here again today. I'm awfully nervous today. I've never been this nervous before to St. David's Day.
Before I noticed that my father's on the program.
I'd like to start off by playing a couple of Welsh children's songs.
The first one is Emileur Bach and the next one is Arheidaenus.
We don't play Arheidaenus enough and I think we should...
If you know the words, you're welcome to sing along with me.
It's a beautiful piece and Arheidaenus is probably the Welsh piece that's most known around the world.
I want to just take a minute to tell you a joke that hurt. Can I tell you a joke?
I thought it was pretty good.
There was a man who woke up one day and went out to try to start his car and he couldn't start his car.
He knew that there was a service station about two blocks away.
He pushed his car all the way to that service station and he saw the attendant there.
The attendant said, well, I'll fix it right up.
The man that pushed his car said, well, I'm just a poor preacher and I can't afford very much.
The attendant said, yeah, I know. I was there at church last Sunday.
The next piece I'd like to play is a hymn.
It's not written by a Welshman, but I would like to tell you the story behind this hymn.
The hymn is named It Is Well With My Soul.
It was written by a man named Horatio Spafford and he had a very interesting life.
He was a wealthy businessman in Chicago and he worked almost 365 days a year.
This is back in the 1850s.
He decided to take a three-month vacation with his wife and his family to sail over to England and look around England.
Prior to their leaving, their son died of an illness, but they still had the plans to go to Europe.
His wife and four daughters left ahead as he had other business to take care of and he would meet them in two weeks in Cardiff, Wales.
What happened when his wife and his four daughters were going over to Europe, right off the coast of Ireland,
the ship collided with another ship and the ship sank in 20 minutes.
Horatio Spafford's wife telegrammed back from Cardiff, Wales that the only person saved was his wife and his four daughters had drowned in the accident.
Mr. Spafford left right away and he wrote the words to It Is Well With My Soul in Cardiff, Wales.
In a way, It Is Well With My Soul is a Welsh song.
That's why in the first line you have,
When peace like a river attendeth my way,
When sorrows like sea billows roll,
Whatever my lot thou hast taught me to say,
It is well with my soul.
It's a thought that he came up with those lines at the place that the accident occurred.
It's really neat how an individual can go through all this tragedy and still say that it's all right with the Lord.
I like hymns a lot.
It's said that hymns are about the only art that's given to us from heaven that we as people can take back to heaven with us.
This is It Is Well With My Soul.
It is well with my soul.
Thank you.